Add OIDC variable definitions to Identity config (#5394)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.7/self-managed/identity/deployment/configuration-variables.md

## OIDC configuration

For more information on integrating with an OpenID Connect provider, see the [OIDC documentation](/self-managed/setup/guides/connect-to-an-oidc-provider.md).

:::note

> Claims are name/value pairs used to represent an individual identity. Configure your initial claim and value to match the claim used with your OIDC provider. For example, to use your Microsoft Entra unique account ID, set `IDENTITY_INITIAL_CLAIM_NAME` to `oid`, and `IDENTITY_INITIAL_CLAIM_VALUE` to the ID.

Reviewer: Similar to my other comment, I think the product name is "Microsoft Entra ID" but I think we want to state something like "use your unique Microsoft Entra ID account ID" ... ? "use your unique Microsoft Entra ID credentials" 🤷‍♀️

Once set, you cannot update your initial claim name and value using environment or Helm values. You must change these values directly in the database.
:::

| Environment variable                  | Description                                                                                                                                                    | Example value                                     |
| ------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `IDENTITY_INITIAL_CLAIM_NAME`         | The type of claim used to identify the initial user. Examples can include `oid`, `name` or `email`.                                                            | `oid`                                             |
| `IDENTITY_INITIAL_CLAIM_VALUE`        | The value of the claim specified in `IDENTITY_INITIAL_CLAIM_NAME`. For the default `oid`, the value usually corresponds to the unique ID of your user account. | `f81d4fae-7dec-11d0-a765-00a0c91e6bf6`            |

> | `CAMUNDA_IDENTITY_TYPE`               | Specifies the authentication provider type (`GENERIC` for standard OIDC providers, `MICROSOFT` for Azure AD).                                                  | `GENERIC` or `MICROSOFT`                          |

Reviewer: Per [MSFT](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/business/microsoft-entra#FAQ), Azure AD is now Microsoft Entra ID. Can we replace there in this docs page?

```suggestion
| `CAMUNDA_IDENTITY_TYPE`               | Specifies the authentication provider type (`GENERIC` for standard OIDC providers, `MICROSOFT` for Microsoft Entra ID).                                                  | `GENERIC` or `MICROSOFT`                          |
```
